hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the Asus GL
7 5 - so this is their mid tier
mid-priced 17 edge gaming laptop it's
from their rog line so they're Republic
of gamers line and its new for 2015 it's
not replacing a 2014 model or anything
it's got skylake it's got a bunch of
cool features let's take a look it comes
in a big red box with a handle and
inside you get the laptop itself some
pamphlets some accessories like a cable
tie and a cleaning cloth and the AC
adapter the top surface of the laptop is
aluminum it actually comes on a plastic
version but this one is aluminum and it
feels pretty nice and it doesn't show
fingerprints readily there's a pretty
large Asus logo up front as well as an
ROG logo and this lights up from the
backlighting of the screen so the
brightness of the screen affects the
brightness of the logo the bottom of the
laptop is plastic and this obviously
feels way less premium but it's very
rigid and it's durable there's also a
subwoofer up top we'll get into that
later and there's four rubber feet here
which are for grip there's a hatch here
that you can open up when you remove a
couple screws and then when you do you
have access to two memory slots and the
hard drive which you can easily upgrade
there's also an area for a second drive
and this would be for the m2 PCIe stick
so you can put in some really fast
drives in here so if you're doing video
editing or if you're recording some
gameplay footage having a second drive
here is nice but if you don't need a
secondary drive you can always put in a
caramilk bar no I'm kidding it should be
a crispy crunch okay so the screen has
some flex it's not any more than I'd
expect and actually first screen this
wide I kind of expected it to be more
flexible so it's not bad and the chassis
is solid the whole keyboard area doesn't
have much flex and the hinge also feels
well-made it's covered with a piece of
plastic but it feels strong going around
the sides on the left side you get the
power connection a huge exhaust vent
mini DisplayPort HDMI port an Ethernet
jack and use b3 and lastly a USB 3.1
type C
on the right side we have a headphone
jack a microphone jack a pair of USB 2
ports and a DVD drive okay so the
configuration I'm reviewing has a
skylake quad i7 running a 2.6 gigahertz
a 17.3 inch 1080p screen a gtx 960m with
two gigs of video ram 16 gigs of DDR 4
RAM and a one terabyte hard drive and
all of this is going for around $1,000
u.s. it's a pretty large laptop it
actually doesn't fit any of the bags
that I have you really need like a
dedicated 17 inch laptop bag or laptop
sleeve to hold this thing opening it up
the palm rest is a really smooth plastic
material and it shows fingerprints and
smudges a little more than I'd like the
keyboard is okay I mean I've used
several keyboards with this kind of
layout like the ux 501 the g 501 and the
msi p 60 so i've gotten used to this
kind of split but if you're new to this
kind of layout it's a little
disorienting first that whole number pad
thing shifts everything over to the left
so if you've never used one before it
takes a little bit of time to get used
to it and the arrow keys can feel a
little weird because it's surrounded so
tightly by other keys but typing on it
isn't bad it's got one point eight
millimeters of travel which feels good
and the three-stage backlighting is
bright but it's red so if red isn't your
thing you won't love it the trackpad is
okay it actually feels a lot like the
trackpad on the UX and the g50 one and
it can skip around once in a while when
you're tracking but the texture is nice
and the buttons are responsive it's not
the best trackpad but it is a gaming
laptop so you'll often have a mouse
connected to it anyways the screen is a
17.3 inch IPS non touch panel with a
resolution of 1920 by 1080 the viewing
angles are okay it's not a particularly
bright panel but the color range is
really good thankfully it's a matte
screen so you don't have to deal with
too many crazy reflections it's a solid
screen for the price of the laptop but
if you need really good color accuracy
for photo or video editing I would
highly recommend calibrating it but if
you just plan on using this laptop for
games you're good to go right out of the
box the webcam up top is a 720p camera
the image quality isn't particularly
good and the colors feel a little washed
out but it works with me one the drive
that this model comes with is a 7200 rpm
one terabyte hard drive
I was actually pleased with the
performance so if you edit videos you
don't want to use this drive you want to
grab an external or use the MT socket
but 1080p edits are smooth and 4k edits
are pretty good you just need a 4k
monitor to see the extra pixels but the
drive that it comes with is not bad for
just like regular use for gaming and
there's regular stuff so speaking of
which games run well on the 960m games
like counter-strike go you're just going
to rip through them you're rarely going
to see a drop below 100 frames per
second with everything maxed out on
1080p slightly more demanding games like
hot so if I put this on extreme graphics
so everything's turned up here laning
will still be like 70 80 frames per
second but a full teamfight can drop
this to under 40 frames per second so if
you're competitive and you play this
stuff for serious business play on high
graphics because even really messy
teamfights
will still get around 55 maybe 60 frames
per second on teamfights remember these
numbers are for team fight numbers if
you're solo laning it can be easily
double these numbers but I don't care
about those numbers I'm talking about
where it matters for team fights so
fallout 4 plays nicely on this laptop
you can get around 50 60 frames per
second on medium graphics but bumping it
up too high
drops us to 3540 frames per second so
the sweet spot is definitely on medium
setting for Fallout 4 rust is even more
demanding it's actually one of the most
demanding games that I play and you have
to drop your graphics setting too simple
to get around 50 60 frames per second
it's doable and the game still looks
alright but you lose a lot of the detail
the speakers are up on the keyboard area
and they sound really good the sound is
clear it's directed right at you and it
can get pretty loud obviously it's not
as good as an external speaker but
they're nice and I'm not going to lie I
thought the whole subwoofer thing on the
bottom was a little gimmicky but it's
actually really cool like you can
definitely hear and feel lower
frequencies at least much more than the
average note
the fan noise of the system is
reasonably quiet it's about 25 26
decibels at idle like most of that noise
is coming from the mechanical Drive and
it's around 35 decibels under load
thermals are also respectable it doesn't
go much above 100 degrees when it's
under load it's a 120 watt charger and
charging at the battery takes less than
two hours now battery life is really
poor so this laptop has powerful
components in there with the gtx 960 and
there's a big screen to light up but it
only has a 48 watt hour battery which is
really small for a 17 inch laptop so
battery life on normal use was around 2
and a half hours and this is just like
regular use using the web doing a little
bit of work and playing games was under
an hour now most of the problem here
lies in the fact that there's a DVD
drive it's cool to have an optical drive
but it really eats a precious real
estate inside that laptops oasis was
kind of forced to put in a smaller
battery and this is what you get ok
let's do a recap asus GL 7 v 2 decent
build quality with a mix of aluminum and
plastic the 1080p screen isn't that
bright and it needs calibration if you
want to do any kind of color accurate
work but it's nice and big for games the
keyboard is comfortable to type on once
you get used to the whole shifted layout
and the trackpad is OK it wouldn't be
bad if it didn't skip around but it
skips around and on the inside we have a
speedy skylake i7 and a gtx 960m that
handles most games really well and video
editing a DVD drive that takes up a lot
of space 16 gigs of ram that you can
upgrade to 32 gigs an upgradable one
terabyte SATA hard drive an m2 slot that
you can put a drive into and lastly a
really small 48 watt hour battery
that'll last you about 2 to 3 hours of
normal use okay so the GL 7 v 2 was
obviously meant for gaming and it does a
pretty good job he's running a 960 M so
you're not getting crazy graphics but
it's pretty solid I don't love the
inclusion of that DVD drive though it's
something that I would have left out if
I was designing these things it's 2015 I
feel like a lot of people won't be using
this drive and it's using up space
inside the laptop that could otherwise
be used for batteries the other thing I
don't like is how thick it is it's not
like the thickest laptop in the world
but it's pretty thick but I can forgive
this all because of its price its price
it a little bit over $1000 and that gets
you into a pretty solid system that has
incredible upgrade potential
it's got to drive spaces that you can
upgrade it's got fully upgradable RAM
it's pretty solid so if you're looking
for a 17-inch gaming laptop this is a
really good option I'd take a look at it
that's the end of this review hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time